Update README.md (#120)
Open-Book-Genome-Project/TheBestBookOn.com: README.md

    postgres=# create user rex with password 'yourPasswordHere' login createdb;
    postgres=# create database bestbooks owner rex;

> Next, create a file called `settings.cfg` with the following contents within `bestbook/configs/`. Replace `yourPasswordHere` with the value you choose when creating your pql database. Under the `[security]` section, fill in a value for `secret = ` by generating os.urandom(24) -- see: ["How to generate good secret keys"](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/quickstart/?highlight=secret%20key#:~:text=192b9bdd22ab9ed4d12e236c78afcb9a393ec15f71bbf5dc987d54727823bcbf):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a file called `settings.cfg` with the following contents within `bestbook/configs/`. Replace `yourPasswordHere` with the value you choose when creating your pql database. Under the `[security]` section, fill in a value for `secret = ` by generating os.urandom(24) -- see: ["How to generate good secret keys"](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/quickstart/?highlight=secret%20key#sessions):
```
